Add initial tutorial for trusted publishing. (#542)
pyOpenSci/python-package-guide: tutorials/trusted-publishing.md

documentation, automated creation of webpages for the project, and even automate
the release process. For this lesson we will only focus on the release process
itself.

:::{admonition} Learning Objectives
:class: tip

This tutorial assumes that your project is published to GitHub and that you want
to publish a package from your project to PyPI.
:::

### Step 0: Create a release workflow

To get started, create a file named `release.yaml` under the `.github/workflows`
directory of your project.

:::{admonition} Naming the workflow
:class: tip

The name of the worklow is not relevant, but `release.yaml` is the most
informative name.

If the `.github/workflows` directory does not exist, you can create it. It is
GitHub's convention that all GitHub Actions are configured via YAML files in the
`.github/workflows` directory.
:::

### Step 1: Name the workflow

At the top of the `release.yaml` file type the following:

```yaml
name: Release
```

This gives a name to the workflow. It allows you to quickly find all runs of
this GitHub Action on the "Actions" tab in the GitHub repository.

:::{figure-md} github-actions-release-workflows-summary

> <img src="../images/tutorials/github-actions-release-workflows-summary.png" alt="Graphic showing an example of a configured workflow for the release. On the top, in the red box labeled "1" you see the "Actions" tab of the GitHub repository. On the left, in the red box labeled "2" you can see the name of the workflow, as configured in this step. Finally, in the center, in the red box labeled "3" you can see several runs of the workflow, for the "1.0" and "1.0.1" releases of the package." width="700px">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="../images/tutorials/github-actions-release-workflows-summary.png" alt='Graphic showing an example of a configured workflow for the release. On the top, in the red box labeled "1" you see the "Actions" tab of the GitHub repository. On the left, in the red box labeled "2" you can see the name of the workflow, as configured in this step. Finally, in the center, in the red box labeled "3" you can see several runs of the workflow, for the "1.0" and "1.0.1" releases of the package.' width="700px">
```

There an issue with quotes in the alt text, we should change the outer quotes to single quote.
